Hello, one and all, from beautiful uptown Burbank Harmontown is now in session.
Hello, gang, please welcome to the stage the Game Master extraordinaire Spencer Crittenden and the mayor of Saffa Faire, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thanks. Hello, Dan. Hi. You're looking good. I told you backstage, but I'm going to say it again. You're looking good.
Thank you. I'm wearing a head to toe bomb fell. They're a sponsor. Really? Clothes from the mail. For the mail. They don't have women's clothes. It's not controversial.
You can wear them if you're women. I'm assuming. I wouldn't stop you. It's not yental. I got no beef with women dressed like guys. I applaud them.
Especially in the shoe department. I don't like high heel shoes. If I find myself distracted by high heel shoes, I worry about the woman's comfort. It's not because I'm a good person. I just worry about it.
I was in a little bit of a bad mood last week. The reason why you said were you guys here for the show last week, even if they were, they have to pretend they weren't because I told them I hated them.
So if they admit that they were here in the back, they have to admit to low self-esteem.
As somebody who's at the show live, obviously, it's a different experience to watch it than to hear it, but I heard that one. I could imagine what it was like there. You seem a little grumpy that last show.
Was there anything particular that happened or were you just in one of those moods that happens because the world is a crazy place right now?
There are several theories. A lot of people go with Occam's razor, no pun intended, and they think it's the mustache. They think the mustache has changed me.
But I think it's Twitter withdrawal. I was talking to my therapist about it. I had a similar thing during the divorce. It was through no fault of Aaron's and no statement about the marriage at all because my therapist warned me.
He said, it doesn't matter when you divorce one thing that you should be aware of. You're going to find yourself hyper-vigilant about injustice. I've talked about this in a podcast. I was like, okay, I'll keep an eye on that.
It was like sending these insane text messages to the guy who cleans my fish tank. I'm accusing him of making my life into an Edward Albee play. I'm like, this is some Virginia Wolf shit. You need to tell me how to work this light.
It was crazy. It was erratic behavior because there was a detachment. Twitter, we don't want to admit, or I don't want to admit, I'll speak for myself. A lot of healthy people are using Twitter very healthily.
But as you probably know, I was really fixated on it. So I quit it for a little bit. I stopped having that outlet for that justice stuff. I find myself snapping particularly.
Now it's about the world. I'm scared of burps, but fuck you, I don't care what you think. The delivery guy from Booze Philly, Cheese Steak didn't bring both raspberry iced tea snapples, and I just went all Paddy Chayefsky about it.
I just fucking like Robert DuVall out. Only to Cody though. And because Cody is like, the amazing thing is, there's like a scientific experiment here where you can say, Dan, are you crazy?
Maybe we can test it if you have, let's say, a perfect girlfriend. Or let's not say perfection doesn't, we don't look for perfect people. We don't want to be with perfect people. But I'm saying a relationship, which there's nothing on the Wheel of Fortune credit.
I'm like, what a metaphor. That was my favorite thing about the last week's show, and Eddie Pepper said, that metaphor didn't work.
Eddie, don't, no, you're not allowed to. But Spencer goes, wait, you can say that? We could just say that metaphor doesn't scan? No, you cannot. Not if you want the family to stay together. That's like, no, no, we don't talk about dad's drinking or his metaphors.
I mean, if you want to move forward and have to molt, but it could end up with you spending your uncle's place for a while. Try to fix the Wheel of Fortune thing you were talking about.
Well, I was just like, in Wheel of Fortune, they would spin the wheel, and then sometimes they would put something on a count or something. They would say, can I put that on a count?
And then Pat Sajek would say, yeah. And then I'd go, what the fuck was that? And then they'd just keep spinning, and then they'd say, I don't know what the hell it was. They would put shit on a count. I'm telling you, it was like an old, tiny grocery store, like in a Coen Brothers movie.
I don't remember that at all. I don't watch that show. They just had some shit on a count back there. I'm looking it up later. You know what, I'll do it right now. No.
You know what's crazy? I saw the wheel. That wheel's tiny. It seems huge. The wheel's, like, it's this big.
Well, you know, this goes with Sajek's, what Sajek said on Letterman back in the 80s when the Wheel of Fortune, the country had Wheel of Fortune media.
Some other things that we fell in love with for like two weeks was like Australia for a while. There were like eight movies about a guy named Crocodile Dundee, and then because it was the only Australian we could find that was like famous,
then we tried something with a guy named Yahoo Sirius and everything just collapsed like Enron. Wait, you're selling something that doesn't exist now.
That's just a big desert. There's no famous people down there.
We live in a Yahoo Sirius and Jaco-based economy.
Jaco, yeah. There was a guy in Duracell commercials whose catchphrase and soul phrase was Oi. That's all he said. You'd say Oi, and then you'd be at a battery store and you'd go, oh, Energizer, Oi.
There was an eight-year scare where barbecues were Barbies.
But yeah. Foster's is Australia for beer. All that stuff. Hey, I think Foster's kind of snuck in on that wave and hung out. That's the one thing.
But they don't even drink that in Australia. That's bullshit.
What are you telling me?
They don't call them shrimps. They call them prawns.
Look, so the delivery guy brings one raspberry iced tea snapple. I didn't know. I thought that that meant I thought because I knew I ordered one. I didn't know. Kordi ordered one. Kordi ordered one. Get your shit together.
Have you ever noticed all those guys that can't speak English? They can't spell. The Republicans. They have no mastery of their mother tongue. And they're yelling at immigrants.
It's like the immigrants are like, I had to learn eight presidents to just trim your bush. This fucking sucks. One of them's bush. That's my mnemonic device.
Two of them are bush. And then you guys raised it to nine presidents because you said that was too easy.
It was almost too Clinton.
Almost. And then we had an influx of unqualified bush trimmers.
Snapple.
Snapple. And so I start going. I was happy all day. And then I go get the food. I'm with my perfect girlfriend. I come back up with the paper bag. You can already see the dark spots on the bottom so you know it's going to be good.
It's coming through the bag. The dogs are freaking out. I think there might be a dead skunk in that bag. No, it's Philly cheese steaks.
And they take them out. One raspberry snapple. That's how much we ordered. Cody says, there's not two iced tea raspberry snapples? No.
Did they? Are you fucking kidding me? God damn it. What is with this fucking world?
And I just talked for 20 minutes at the top of my voice and that would be charming. But here's something that I do. I kept saying because this is how desperate I was to abuse that I couldn't just share.
I couldn't get at least to just be in a bad mood and share it with my partner. So I just kept saying, but I had nothing to bitch at Cody about. I was just tabulating all the injustices that had happened to me that week.
And because Cody hadn't done anything wrong, I just kept saying, this guy does this to me. This guy. The raspberry snapple. What is with you people?
I just kept saying you people to Cody. You people being the human race. You know all of you. You ate billion of you. You're just always conspiring to fuck with me.
And then she was like, okay, cool. And then we watched the rest of Gremlins 2 or whatever the hell. Everyone's around. You gotta just go check back and check it out.
There was a whole kogan in that. Is it good? Was Gremlins 2 worth a rewatch?
Yeah, yeah. It's worth a rewatch. I don't know about your first question. I don't know. Is anything good? I don't know. It wasn't Citizen Kane. It wasn't even the Citizen Kane of Gremlin moves.
The Gremlins got really specific.
Let me ask you this. When's the last time you watched the first Gremlins? Because I told Cody, I was like, you gotta watch Gremlins 2. She's like, what, 2? I'm like, Jesus, I'm really robbing the Cradle.
And I'm like, well, Gremlins 2. She's like, I ain't seen no Gremlins 1. And I was like, okay, well, great. We'll start with this holiday classic. But then you gotta see Gremlins 2.
So I put in Gremlins 1, 5 minutes in, I'm like, what the shit, and fuck, this movie is garbage. It is amazing. We have a serious problem in this society.
And you can see the thermometer for our sickness is rotten tomatoes. It's like any movie that had some claim on the box office pulse when a certain demographic was 10 years old, it just automatically is way above a 70%.
It's just garbage. There's no comparing this shit. What is it? Solar babies 98%. Because people are like, man, solar babies, man, custody weekend, it was great.
Does solar babies really have a 90 years old?
No, but I can't think of any examples.
That would be amazing.
But then you watch something. I know I've talked about this. Lockout. Come on. It's diehard in space. It's great. It has like a 20% or something. It's ridiculous. They worked hard on that movie.
It's good.
Was it called Lockout?
Yeah.
I don't know Lockout.
I'm writing that down.
That's a crime.
And you know, and tomorrow is...
Charity remember Lockout. We're watching Lockout.
Anyways, like there's a lot of movies with like 80% of rotten tomatoes. They're just crap. And it's just like, it's just people just like, they're just like, I will defend my legacy.
You gotta go back and watch. If you can't look into your soul, gentlemen, at least rewatch some of these pieces of shit.
You're okay to be nostalgic. Just stop pretending that it makes it a good movie that you liked it. You were a little itty-bitty little dummy.
I almost said the R word.
That last sentence, if you rewind it, you go like, yeah, it seems like Dan's gonna get a little less his famous articulate charm.
Because I was just the whole time. I was like, ah, my sister's retarded.
Okay.
But now you can just use do-tard.
Do-tard?
Wait, what's do-tard?
Kim Jong-un went 14th century on Trump and called him a do-dard.
Oh, a do-dard?
Yeah, and everybody was like, what's a do-tard?
I mean, I saw that not on Twitter.
A do-dard is a great word.
Like, look, I gotta be honest, 0.1 for fucking Kim Jong-un.
That's fucking good.
Well, again, these guys have to learn English in schools. He didn't.
Is there a Korean word for do-dard?
Did somebody translate that and go, well, he's talking about a senile bewildered old fucker.
In Korean, we have a word for that, but the closest I can get in English is do-dard, which no one has used since Jane Austen.
Yeah.
But that's fucking good, so fucking yeah.
Like, I like Kim Jong-un a little bit more than our president right now.
Yeah.
Because either he spent, he paid a little more attention in English class, or he just, he listens to some of his advisors.
Also, his haircut, he's one guitar away from being the lead singer of a very successful rock and billy band.
He looks at me.
I wish he'd go gray, but only in the middle.
Yeah.
No, he'd be fucking Brian Sesser. He'd be fucking sexy as shit.
That would be incredible.
He would, yeah.
Okay.
Anyways, he's almost like, you know, he's going to start looking like in his old age.
Kim Jong-un?
Yeah, he's going to look like Korean Steve Van Sant from the Sopranos.
Whatever that character, Pauliwal, not Pauliwal, and that's the other guy.
What was it?
Joey bag of tits.
I don't know.
Yeah, whatever.
That was, that's half the characters.
No, he's getting a lip.
Oh yeah, that guy, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
And he's been played in Bruce Beakstein's band.
But that guy doesn't get the lip.
Anyways, god damn it.
Your impressions never cease to amaze me, but...
I don't care what you think.
I like him.
Oh, thank you.
Dan, this is not going to be one of those nights where you're feeling persecuted.
This is a night where you feel safe and you feel happy and protected.
Well anyways, thank you for, this is a sponsor, Bomfell.
I'm wearing head to toe Bomfell.
You look good in it.
It fits you nice.
Lee.
The pants came, the first pair of pants, they were a number off.
They didn't get the number off.
I was in the room when he tried them on.
He actually took his pants off, went down to his skivvies.
Put them in a bag, sent them back, like a Netflix DVD of Gremlin's 2.
Said, this is one Gremlin number off.
They sent back these Gremlin 1 pants.
And like Gremlins 1, you remember them as being twice as good as the other pair,
but inside, it's a mess.
That movie is a goddamn mess.
The Gremlins in your head is like a fucking like...
It's one of the guild with a sense of wonder.
It's a Spielberg production, for God's sake.
And it's a Christmas movie.
It's a great Christmas classic.
Oh, and it's just like, oh, the performances and it's just like, oh, it gets you right here
and then the Gremlins are scary and all the things.
And you just start watching it from the first frame.
You're like, what kind of weird driver's ed movie is this?
How many beginnings are we going to do?
How are you explaining this shit for you fucking idiots?
You shouldn't have made a movie.
Fucking terrible people.
All right, so here's your billion dollars.
What are you going to do?
They make Gremlins 2.
When are we going to listen?
I tell you I hate you.
You come right back.
I'm like, I'm gremlining you.
I'm das...
Gremlining you.
You're gremlining.
I'm like, gremlining.
Yeah.
Please don't let that be the title of this episode.
Gremlining doesn't really work.
Anyways.
I'm going to invoke the pepitone.
That doesn't work.
Anyways, look, I'm not going to say I'm sorry for last week because I am and I'm ashamed.
But he's not going to another liar.
No.
If I make an apology, I want to make it the official one where it's like the three parts.
You acknowledge your crime.
Okay.
I told the audience I hated them.
You express remorse.
I feel bad.
Wait.
Are you allowed to make that face after you say it number two?
I feel bad if it made anyone feel bad.
But that's not one of those apologists.
I'm sorry you felt bad.
I'm not doing that.
I'm saying I do feel bad if anyone felt bad for it because it was the first part is a lie.
I don't hate the audience.
You make me feel wonderful and you're wonderful people, especially the people that are closest to the people that do come here.
It was obviously just as with Cody.
It's like I'm just saying you people to a bunch of people who bother to be close to me when I'm having some kind of like fucking moment of turmoil.
But I'm also a clown on stage and I don't get the impression that anyone got hurt.
If you got hurt, I do feel of course bad that it hurt you because it would be a terrible reason to hurt someone because it was a lie.
And so then the third part is the commitment to change.
So all right.
I'm not going to stop drinking.
When I yelled at Cody because I quit Twitter because I'm like, well, I'm not going to stop drinking.
I got to change something or this isn't a real apology.
I quit Twitter.
That wasn't that wasn't that mixing those two things up.
But I was I did quit Twitter because I was being mean to the people around me on Twitter.
I was like, which is like from what I will see on intervention.
I'm like, oh, you're a junkie.
You're like being mean to people because you're like so focused on this fucking thing.
So then I quit Twitter and then I'm like, now I'm like, now I'm having like these weird highs where I'm like, let's go look at shirts.
And then and then like these weird lows where I'm like, you people in your iced tea.
And but I'm but I feel like it's like it's it's it's better than what I it's happening because I was having a I was having a problem.
So even though it's resulting in half of the time I'm like a fucking like crazy or the whole time I'm crazy person half of the time I'm an unprofitably crazy person.
Like it still it seems like, OK, well, I'm going to wait and see if that goes like this, like and then what what then I'll be a person that's not on Twitter, but it's also saying.
Yeah, it's a weird thing.
Like I just was on tour with, you know, Ryan Stiles and Proups and Joel Murray and the gang.
And like, we, you know, we have fun and we, you know, we go do comedy shows.
But on the bus, all we do is vent about what was in the news that day and we get off our chest.
But then we have to like, like I'm a moody person.
I go up and down to like, but I feel like my downs are more regular than they used to be.
Like I'm like I'm in a bad mood more just because of, you know, like just the way things are going right now.
And it's nice to be able to go out and do comedy shows and make people laugh and tell stupid jokes and stuff like that.
But sometimes it feels almost like disingenuous or dishonest to find any humor in anything.
Like you feel like you're forcing it.
That's why I was, I was like, yeah, I'm not even being funny anymore.
I'm just like arguing with people about shit.
Like I used to be able to keep my humor about it.
I was like, like that was my rule.
Like, well, if I can be funny while still letting someone know they're a piece of shit, you know, like,
then that proves they're a piece of shit.
If they can't be funnier than me, if they're a piece of shit, then they're like, you know, if I swear, I want to tread lightly here.
But I say this as an observation of how unfunny they are.
If a Nazi could ever make anyone laugh, you know, like if there was, if it was possible for them to be remotely entertaining,
that would be a really dangerous demographic.
Because they'd be like, they don't, they're, have you ever, ever, ever...
They can't smile. They don't have pets.
Hitler had a dog.
They can't smile.
Fucking Trump doesn't have a dog.
He doesn't have a dog.
And so Nazis don't have pets?
Well, Hitler loved his dog more than people.
I know that.
Yeah.
A lot of people, I mean, a lot of misanthropes are big animal people.
Rob Schrab.
He's not misanthropic.
Oh, dude, yeah.
Oh, no, he loves people.
All right, let's just not, let's not get derailed.
He loves animals.
I don't think he's...
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, no, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's get our guest up here.
Oh, fuck yeah.
My good friend Duncan Tressel.
Duncan Tressel!
It might take him a...
Could have used him last week to bring the, is he here?
He might have to walk in through the other door.
Duncan Tressel.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, oh boy.
Sorry about that.
Sorry about what?
I lost track of time.
So that's okay, that means you're doing God's work.
Whoa.
See, I already made the whole room happier.
Nitrous is always doing God's work.
Well, no, a lot of people used to think that.
They used to think you could use nitrous oxide to commune with spirits.
It's, it was actually in, in that book, the brief history of nearly everything.
Like if you run out of fuel in your ear-beating cannon and you want to really like fuel up
and have shit to talk about to just, just beat people's ears into a bloody pulp.
Read that book and apparently some famous scientist was really into nitrous oxide
and like used it to commune with angels and stuff.
So yeah, it is doing God's work to do nitrous oxide.
I was right.
I had a friend in high school.
He was the best dungeon master ever.
Was it Graham?
Yeah.
Well, yeah, but if he said, I don't know if he's, he might be lit.
I know.
You live in the shadow.
It's fine.
Yeah.
But I don't, I don't want to embarrass.
I don't want to, if Graham was listening, I don't want to embarrass him.
But, but like he, I, you know, I lost track of him forever.
And then he like, I was like an adult in Milwaukee and he showed up and he had like a big tank
of nitrous in a plastic hefty bag.
And I just, and it was like, we just-
The best day of your life.
Yeah.
Sucking on a garbage bag and talking about how I'm destined to lead people or something.
Is there any deleterious brain holes?
Oh yeah, it'll fuck you up.
It's not.
Does it hurt your brain?
Well, what happens is people will make the terrible mistake of putting a nitrous tank
in their fucking van, right?
They're like, let's go in the van and do nitrous, man.
But they leave the tank on while they're doing balloons and they pass out and the van
fills up with nitrous oxide.
They don't die.
Their bodies vibrate into infinity and they vanish.
They level up, kids.
They level up.
It sounds like dying.
Did you ever see-
Did you ever see like a van in van?
Well, I mean, I would say, I would say just to start off, don't have a van.
Yeah.
But just doing nitrous like hurt your brain and kill brain cells or anything bad?
I mean, dentists give it to you.
There's competing research.
Yeah, but you go to the dentist once or twice a year.
Am I just a child of Nancy Reagan or just assuming that it gives you brain damage
because I heard that somewhere?
There's some isolated cases of brain holes.
It's not like all these people are getting brain holes.
It's an empathetic. People have been doing nitrous for fucking ever.
And there's not like brain holes all over the place.
There's a few isolated cases.
It's definitely bad to deprive your brain and body of oxygen.
And I would not be surprised if it did cause, but also that depends on the mixture
because if you go like half air and half nitrous, I don't know how bad that is for your brain.
You know what you sound like?
A nitrous oxide dealer.
Oh, no.
I definitely don't have three canisters.
Can we?
You sound like I'm negotiating a nitrous oxide deal with a nitrous oxide.
I don't know, man.
I mean, maybe if we go half your brain will be okay.
It's $5 a balloon, baby.
Is it irresponsible podcasting for us to get a tank of some balloons for our next show?
No.
No, no.
Let's do it.
Oh, man.
Oh, I know how to do it too.
I know how to get a tank.
Let me answer that question with a question, which is an irresponsible society to elect a rapist Nazi
and then just hang out and watch the world fall apart without doing nitrous publicly?
So it's not irresponsible.
We can do it then.
Yes, I'm saying this.
You're signing off on it.
Yes, home is burning.
Let's try Yahtzee if you haven't.
My advice to everyone, try everything.
Yahtzee.
Anything but Yahtzee.
I got that covered.
Yahtzee.
You don't need to try Yahtzee.
There's only one lemonade you can get from the lemon of social upheaval, deterioration,
whatever we think we're experiencing.
The only lemonade is people popping like popcorn, having a little controllable nervous breakdown
and going, well, if this shit's happening, I'm going to try making that birdhouse.
Let's talk.
Okay.
And that guy turning out to be the Frank Lloyd Wright of birdhouses and didn't know it because
he was just like, if I keep voting Republican, I'll get rewarded.
And then he's just like, wait, he said what to who?
I'm the birdhouse.
Boom.
I'm a genius.
I never needed to.
I'm a Democrat now.
But the problem, the problem with Frank Lloyd Wright birdhouses is that they look great,
but they're really uncomfortable.
Well, also the birds hate him.
The birds hate him because Frank Lloyd Wright's gimmick was like trying to like, you know,
can you make a home merge with nature?
And the bird's like, what the fuck do you think I'm moving in here for?
I wanted a birdhouse.
I want to say the N word so bad.
I want the bird to like sit punctually with the N word.
Just say it.
No, no.
Wait, look, you just said that you could try anything now that a Nazi maybe isn't one of them.
But you know, I want to talk to you about this.
I'm not going to try.
Yatsi.
I want to talk to you about this idea of like Rome burning.
All right.
I was thinking about today, and I was thinking like, okay, if you have to pick an evil monster to deal with in your life,
would you rather that evil monster to be smart or would you rather that evil monster to be Donald Trump?
Right.
But I think we've all agreed.
I mean, we've all had this conversation on each other's podcasts and we've all, we've had nine months to talk about this.
We've arrived at it.
It's not really him that's bumming us out.
It's the reveal of the engine underneath our country that made it possible for him to be elected.
Yeah.
And it's the reaction that everyone's having.
This is good.
No, he's swell.
No, I agree with you.
Yeah, I think we all agree with that.
But we're like, yeah, if you're going to like, oh, he's like Hitler, but he hasn't done anything yet.
No, I don't mean that.
He's funny.
He's got like clown hair and he's running around.
But he probably doesn't fart.
But the fact that we had to move his sphincter to the crown of his head for his weird experimental hair.
Every time, remember the time when he got up and didn't sign the executive order and he was supposed to sign some shit?
And he just got up and walked out.
Oh, yeah.
Motherfucker, no, you got to do the thing.
He clearly pooped his pants.
He made chocolate poopies and had to get the fuck out of there.
Probably right.
Yeah, no.
At his age, I mean, I shit my pants all the time.
Yeah.
On the reg, as the kids say.
On the reg, fam.
Oh, grandpa.
If you get me high enough and I cough and then walk away.
Be glad we weren't carpooling.
Oh, dear Christ.
But no, I mean, if we thought that we could have just him, but it's what he represents and all that shit.
I think most of us even, we're like, you know what, now it doesn't even matter what if we, if the blue side of this weird two-headed beast now takes advantage of the nauseating.
Right.
But whatever happens next, we all agree, we're more, we're going to be more bummed out about it.
Universal healthcare.
But, but it's universal healthcare.
That's what happens is you get this bumbling guy who freaks out all of his underlings into the point of trying to jam through these rotten fucking healthcare bills, alerting everyone in the country.
This is what happens when you let super wealthy people be in control.
They don't care about you.
This isn't a new idea that's been happening since the fucking industrial revolution.
So you have this nice reminder, look what happens when they start running shit.
They don't care if you die.
Now everyone knows it.
And then because John McCain has this brain tumor and he doesn't care about getting reelected and he's not in it for politics anymore.
This guy stops the whole fucking thing, which means we're one step closer to universal healthcare.
So I'm not saying this is because Trump is like meaning that to happen or good.
He's obviously just this, he's exactly what you would imagine the Antichrist would look like.
But still in that, no really, you know, like if you're really...
Don't you, do you guys, does anyone here look at the Bible and check to see if like anyone's the Antichrist?
Because Trump might be the Antichrist.
Well, yeah, last time I checked the Antichrist had a fatal head wound that he recovered from.
It's like a description.
Is that true?
Yeah, I tweeted it to you because you were talking about something and I was like...
Oh.
Because we always, you know...
I don't always check my Twitter.
Everybody always thinks the book of revelations is talking about Bill Clinton or whatever.
You know, like they always update who it's talking about.
Right, yeah, everyone thought Obama was the Antichrist.
But one thing's for sure, because I was always going like, well, I've read revelations.
I'm waiting for a guy who gets shot in the head in like a war, but he survives.
And then everyone, he's like a war hero because it kind of says, I looked and he had a wound in his head.
And yet he lived or something like that.
I was like, oh God, it's his scalp surgery.
It's his fucking...
Oh, no!
Like if you could, if you were looking at Donald Trump, but you had the X-ray vision provided you by Christ,
you wouldn't see his fake hair and anything.
You'd see him as a ghost and aura.
And you'd see at the top of his head just like Darth Vader.
There'd be this like amazing, like fucking weird symbol or something like where this weird doctor tried to twist his head
like a fucking end of a sausage to make his sideburns turn into his hair.
Something that hurt him enough that he ran into his wife's bedroom and pulled her hair out and yelled at her.
And as she put it, had sex with his semi-hard penis.
Yeah!
And then she wouldn't cry in her mom's room for two days and when she came back her hair was still spread on the bed
and he was laying there in his bathroom and he said, does it hurt?
So logistically, if we want to do nitrous, do we get tanks and balloons up here?
I know how to do it.
I know how to get nitrous.
I looked it up, I know how to get nitrous.
Are we breaking any kind of criminal codes by doing it?
I know how to do it.
Not if there's a dentist present.
No.
You don't need a dentist.
So what you do is you apply for a catering license in LA.
For real?
Yeah.
And if you apply for a catering license because they have to, I guess caterers are like always making whipped cream or something.
Oh yeah, always.
They can't get it.
You can buy a tank of nitrous up here.
We're talking about how to score, not how to make it legal.
No, let's say you can buy it.
You can just buy it.
I can buy, I can go right now and buy some whipped cream chargers.
Yeah, you can go buy nitrous little canisters and do whippets.
Yeah, but those are annoying.
You get these silver things all over your pocket.
I'm just saying, it's not impossible.
Legally, we're probably not allowed to do a podcast where we get a few recreational purposes.
But if you get arrested for that, that's the coolest way to get arrested.
There's cool ways to get arrested.
I just, I want to make sure we know who we're getting into.
I want to get arrested for doing nitrous oxide on harm intent.
All right, let's fucking do it.
I want to get dragged downtown.
Like the Van Halen video.
We're in towels for no reason.
Panama!
Look it up.
And look up that thing where he pulled his wife's hair out of her head.
They wore towels in Panama in the video?
I think, yeah, there was like a shot of David Lee Roth being like,
and I don't know if it was fake or, it was probably fake.
But it was like David Lee Roth in a towel being pulled from a hotel by cops or something.
Oh boy, that's a score.
I think it was Panama, yeah.
Anyways, look, what about that girl in intervention who inhaled the keyboard cleaner stuff?
Is that, what's the keyboard cleaner?
That's not the same as doing nitrous.
No, that's got to be some kind of other chemical.
So she was fucking herself up.
She still made it through.
She emerged, you know, I watched the reunion specials.
Yeah, right, but yeah, I wonder where she's at now, man.
That's like the top, that's all the intervention fans' favorite episode because she's just...
I'm living the dream!
There's a gif of her where she's like,
I feel like I'm walking on sunshine.
It's so disturbing.
There's a cleaner specific to keyboards?
Well, it's like circumference keyboards.
Oh wait, I've got a great story about this, man.
Computer cleaner, like a blast scare.
Oh, I got you, yeah.
I have some friends in New York who sublet their apartment to somebody
and they got a call from their landlord and their landlord's like,
hey, you need to come back and they're like, why?
And he's like, well, because the person you sublet your apartment to is dead on your couch.
And so they come back to the fucking apartment
and this guy is surrounded by keyboard cleaner.
Like, he went to Target and bought, I guess,
a thousand dollars worth of keyboard cleaner
and committed suicide via keyboard cleaner
and he had melted into their couch.
So it's just this like purple, bloated, melted corpse
surrounded by Target bags and keyboard fucking cleaner.
What a dick!
That's bad subletting.
That's like, come on.
Whatever happens, it matters.
There's so many better ways to live.
You're a guest in their house.
Asimov's four laws of subletting.
First, do no cleaners.
How do you do?
Clean.
You just inhale it?
Yeah, I guess you inhale it.
You would, I don't know, maybe they put it in a bag
and breathe it out of the bag, I'm not sure.
She was just sucking on a straw.
And she had burns on her lips.
I think you want the propellant or whatever that liquid stuff is.
I think it's that chemical that they're into.
But who knows?
They're bottom lines of the intervention episode
that they were going to call the animal control
because she had cats that she loved
but they were worried about her cats.
So I was like, you know, an intervention,
you had to try to find these bottom lines and leverage and stuff.
So they pull the trigger on it
because she walks out of the intervention
and they're like, all right, call the cops,
call the animal people, but the cats,
the cops come to her door
and she's like hanging out in her bedroom with her sister
and then someone says like, hey, the police are here
and she goes like, the po-po?
Hey, can I say something kind of self-indulgent
just to add to something that you said before I came out?
You said this thing, and you're not on Twitter anymore,
you said this thing, I don't even...
I'm not going to quote you right to forgive me,
but you said something else, I don't feel like making people laugh.
I'm down more than I'm up.
And you know, man, this is really cheesy.
Maybe somebody could play the national anthem while I say this,
but I feel like the moment people like you and you
start getting like that,
then if there really was some kind of nefarious cobble
of evil people who wanted to destroy art on planet Earth
by making artists feel completely hopeless,
then the moment you guys are like,
I'm not going to go on Twitter anymore,
I'm not going to do this shit anymore, they fucking win.
They're really winning then,
and then the thing that you guys put out in the universe
gets thwarted by what?
Some fucking like, what?
Like really, that's depressing to me.
That's part of the bummer of walking away for a minute,
and it's also part of the hook that keeps you there,
but the nice different split is just began off the white
and like go away, evolve, come back.
I'm not going to... I didn't delete my account.
Twitter doesn't have to be a factor in it.
The beauty of being on tour,
I was on the road for the last couple of weeks,
is that when you wake up in a bad mood and you turn on the news
and it's just like, it's shocking and it goes against everything you believe in.
Just simple things like his ties and his fucking, you know,
like the misuse of the English language and all that shit.
Forget about the hatred of women and people of color
and fucking every fucking other thing.
The great news is that we have to like stay focused enough
to go on stage and still be funny,
and then the fact that we get to go do that is awesome.
And because when we're on stage, that's the easiest part of the day.
Like then to go out there and you know, just tell a dick joke.
Make the world happy.
Sure, yeah.
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
We can't just all descend into sadness and darkness.
No, you have to double fight.
It's like that's the thing.
It's like not only do you have to like not descend into sadness and darkness,
you have to like triple activate.
Like the whole point is like to go the opposite direction,
even though it is bleak and horrible.
I mean, it's always seems like God forgive me, man,
because there's no job of a comedian or job of anybody else
or job of comedy or any of that bullshit.
But just from a basic like when the darkness grows,
then that's when you're really supposed to be shining the light.
Praise God.
And if you're not fucking doing that, then what are you doing?
Exactly, I agree.
The thing about like now, like if you're going to be a comedian,
community should stick to comedy and leave politics to the experts.
Well, there are no fucking experts.
Like politicians should stick to politics and not do comedy.
But when you go on stage and you tell a joke, it's really funny.
Like we were in Indianapolis.
You can talk shit about Mike Pence because they hate him in Indianapolis.
You go outside of Indianapolis, they love, it's a red state.
They love him there.
But you can hammer on fucking Mike Pence in Indianapolis.
But the thing is when you tell of really,
let's say it's not even a political joke,
you just mention him or say something stupid.
People don't feel comfortable laughing about anything political.
I know that like no one wants to hear Dan and I or our guests or Spencer
and us talk politics about Trump.
We don't have anything new to say.
It's just us grousing about the same old shit.
But when you do a show like, we go out and do improv and do comedy,
you can tell some neutral joke and mention Donald Trump or mention Nancy DeVos
and mention whoever.
People that might have laughed don't know who they're sitting next to
and they don't know if the person next to them is going to be really into that
or not into that or whatever.
Everyone is just kind of neutralized and things don't get to be as funny
because no one knows if their parents are going to be pissed off
or the neighbor is sitting next to them or whatever.
Like comedy, you either have to be not talking about politics at all
and be hilarious or be Lenny Bruce and be punk rock and George Carlin and shit
and like fucking be so, so active.
You're a comedian.
I mean, that's the idea.
It's like fucking.
The idea is like, okay, fine.
My instincts are telling me this is funny.
And I'm in some stupid time period where people are incredibly confused.
Okay, fine.
We'll still blast it out there, man, blast it out there
because the moment any of us stop blasting it out there,
then if they're, then they win.
Right, but they win if you keep blasting and you, in my opinion,
at least this goes for me.
There's people out there that are good at being angry
and we want them to be angry.
But I, like if I've lost my humor,
then what am I going to fall back on my political science degree?
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
Look what Jimmy Kimmel just did.
No, Jimmy Kimmel, what he did is he either read,
he fucking researched and it was like, that's my point.
Like it was like, that's why I'm like,
I need to fucking step out of this professional wrestling ring,
stop running around with a folding chair
that looks identical to everyone else's
and just being part of the general melee
because part of what the enemy wants you to think is that life sucks
and that it's chaotic and stupid and all that stuff.
So that is why when Lauren Ducca tweets,
when my hero's on Twitter right now,
they're the people that are like, they have this insight
but then they're also like, they have this grace
and then you go like, oh, that's an advertisement
for being on the good guy's side
because it's not that this stuff isn't important
and shouldn't make you angry,
it's that if you're a billboard,
you can't be a billboard dripping with shit
because then everyone's like, well, I don't want to buy that razor,
it's covered in shit.
Like that person's not happy.
Like that person keeps telling me,
people give me advice all the time,
like for 40 years, the reason why I haven't quit drinking yet
is because everyone that's ever asserted it
with any degree of assertion is they're miserable.
It's always a deal breaker.
I'm like, look, man, come up to me.
Chris Hardwick's like the biggest billboard for sobriety
I've ever encountered.
He's genuinely a happy, seeming guy.
But behind his eyes, I think maybe he goes home
and does stuff to...
There's fucking...
That's none of my business.
I've been to his place and there's target bags
fucking everywhere.
But he...
I'm just saying, I don't know what's in those bags.
But he's like the most pleasant...
Anyway, I'm just saying,
if you're telling people to lighten up
or if you're telling people to...
You really ought to know your facts.
Whenever you're telling somebody else what to do,
like, holy shit, you better be happier than them.
Yeah, but with comedy, man,
the thing I always love about it is not so much,
it's like ethical compass or moral compass.
What I love about it is the way it warps reality.
And I love the way that, like with comedy
and a really great, great comedians,
what they do is, regardless of anything other than just this,
and now this is not to say, this is how we should act.
Comedians should only be funny or comedians should not be funny now or whatever.
I'm just saying, the moment you encounter great art,
whether it's comedy or a painting or a movie,
you feel hope.
Because you're like, humans are fucking cool.
That's amazing.
You start watching comedians warp what's happening right now
in any kind of way at all that's successful.
No matter how lofty or how mundane,
I think it adds to the sum total of joy in the world.
And the more joy there is in the world,
I just got back from Burning Man.
The more joy there is in the world,
the more chance we have to make sure that we don't do this again.
And that's why it's important to fucking fight.
Thank you.
I said Nancy Divos, I meant Betsy Divos.
I'm still wondering if it's Lauren Duca.
Half the time I say Lauren DeLuca.
No, I don't think we're disagreeing on any important points, right?
I mean, you're saying it's important to be,
you're saying it's important to be, for entertainers,
that word seems cringe-worthy,
but like, they become important.
I mean, this Kimmel thing, the fact that I'm not on Twitter
and I heard about the Kimmel thing,
is why Jimmy Kimmel did a good thing.
It raises all this awareness.
It's particularly great that it wasn't just some quip.
It was also, on top of it, he was passionate in a funny way.
It's like making this part of the sideshow,
the now front and center.
That's why it's so important.
I agree with all that, and that's exactly why.
I'm just sitting there, arguing with fucking Nazis,
and going like, I block you, I'm gonna block you.
I can't believe over the last couple of days,
I started to like Kim Jong-un, the NFL, and Jimmy Kimmel.
Yes, it's the apocalypse, baby!
When did quarterbacks become agitators?
It's fucking amazing.
Glory. That's fucked up.
I can't believe it turns out James Woods,
when he played Roy Cohn, apparently, was doing it
because he thought he was a cool guy.
I didn't know James Woods was a fucking monster.
I always think of guys playing monsters
when you're casting a monster.
We need a monster.
Ah, let's get that guy.
Is that an actual monster that shows up?
A monster performance?
Here we go!
You need to do this cocaine, you need to do this cocaine.
Cut! Jimmy, great!
Wow, you're amazing.
I'm conditioned by Hollywood to expect that guy
to act like Tom Hanks as soon as they call cut.
Where's a baby? Let me kiss it.
But he's just like fucking slime in a human-shaped cup.
What you're saying, I think what we're all saying,
is you can't just be a comedian
and go out and tell jokes and have fun now.
You have to do two things at once now.
You have to be doing squats and push-ups at the same time.
You have to still be fighting for what you believe in,
which is not always going to be funny.
And then you still have to smile
and help other people laugh and do that, too.
It just depends on where you land, man,
because it's like some of us believe that like...
God damn it, what do they say in Game of Thrones?
Chaos is a ladder!
What do they say? Is that the word?
But some people just believe that it's like,
yes, if you can...
What I always loved about comedians
is that comedians get to do whatever they want.
That means that if you want to be completely shallow,
have nothing to do with politics
and just blurt out some ridiculous thing,
you can do that, it's okay.
Also, if you feel like you have some
heady thing to say that has no punchline,
you can say that, too.
You're a fucking comedian.
You represent the part of the human spirit
that is unconquerable by the gods,
which means that you are ultimately free.
You can do whatever you want,
no matter who the president is
or who the president isn't.
No comedian has a moral obligation.
No comedian doesn't have a moral obligation.
But any time a comedian successfully pulls off real comedy,
they're bending space, if you ask me.
And that bending of space and time and the paradigm
and the Gestalt and the archetypes is a fucking miracle.
And whenever it happens, people are like,
holy shit, this is a pretty good universe.
Hurricanes, earthquakes and all.
And that makes people feel a little more excited about being alive.
And that means that my friend's couch
is up with a fucking rotting corpse on it.
Somebody's sucking back nitrous oxide.
I feel like we're just only a couple years away
from when art and politics beautifully merge
when we have Senator Kid Rock for a guy that's really...
Because that's where I get back on board.
We're great. People are great.
We don't need them.
That's the main thing. We don't need them.
We're fine. We're going to be fine no matter what.
This is fucking Harmontown.
We're fine. This is supposed to be a cult.
What happened? We're going to be fucking fine.
Well, we proved it last week.
Dan told everyone to go fuck themselves and they're still here.
That's exactly what a cult leader does. Come on.
Next week, I started revealing that I somehow
need to sow the seeds of the...
And according to the book of whatever I'm reading,
it just shakes out that the age of the girl
has to be...
It was like 10 years from now
because now that we're on live stream and stuff like that,
the shots of the audience, you just start noticing
that everyone starts wearing the same color.
We're all wearing white outfits all of a sudden.
Let's do it. Let's all wear white outfits
and do nitrous oxide and move to the next level of the show.
Let's build...
We'll do a big art installation
and we'll build the world's biggest van.
We'll all get in that van.
We'll all just start doing nitrous together.
Yeah, I'm glad it all happened.
I'm a big piece of shit in a fucking blowhard.
I've been wrong about everything.
It's good to start there. It's like a second childhood now.
I'm like, oh, man, I didn't know what any of that shit meant.
Also, another side of that thing that you're talking about,
where comedians are like...
It's good that comedians were basically, after the election,
they were like, look, man, I can't...
What do you mean, get back to work?
Get back to work doing what?
What I was doing before was...
But then, as they're explaining that
and having to defend themselves,
for me, there was this valve in my head
where I was like, wait, what's the rest of that sentence?
Because you need to acknowledge that what you're really saying
is that you were kind of happy with the way society was before.
You know, you did a lot of fucking complaining.
You constantly acted like you were above everything.
And because that was like an easier way to...
I don't know, it was just easier in general.
It was easier to live that way, easier to be funny.
And so now, that's another good reason why this happened,
because I think comics are like...
Listen, my flowchart, it wasn't...
When I woke up in the morning and looked at a newspaper,
then put it out of my head and put my clown shoes on,
my whole thing was that I lived in the world
that we were living in together
and also was entertaining you
and was able to say whatever I wanted.
Don't tell me to get back to work and ignore what's going on.
But there is that interesting part.
It's like, oh, because you weren't talking about politics before.
Not that you should have,
but it's interesting then to retroactively go like,
oh, jeez, I guess I liked my bipartisan fucking technocracy.
I liked my oligarchy.
I liked my thinly veiled or thickly veiled fascism.
I liked my right of center...
Well, I'm glad you have made that at least.
...first world empire where my toilet paper was soft
because somehow indirectly it was softened with air of blood.
It was like, oh, man, this feels so extra.
It's never been proven. It's never been proven.
But somehow there's a way to prove it.
I'm sure there was a time when British colonists here
were like, this is great.
You know, we're paying a lot of taxes.
This is okay.
Oh, man, can you imagine the fucking arguments back then?
Because it's like you were committing treason for real
if you were patriotic.
Yeah, you were a terrorist.
But you realize it's like, okay, so you and I are the same age,
which means that we have lived for our entire lives
without the fear of the draft.
So we've lived our entire lives with these kind of like
outrageous American wars that happen.
American wars are really interesting because in most other places
when there's a war, it's like an actual bar fight.
You hit the person, they hit you back.
An American war, we hit the person, they don't hit us back.
And when they do hit us back, if they don't hit us back
in a way that we've deemed the right way to hit us back,
then we call them terrorists.
So that's an American war.
So we've been living in a time period where every single city
that we've lived in, thank God, has not been bombed.
I guarantee you don't know what a bomb smells like.
I sure as fuck don't.
Don't fucking high road me.
I'm gonna high road you bitch!
I grew up in Milwaukee.
That's like the Belfast of Wisconsin.
Okay, you know what a bomb smells like.
You know what an M80 is?
My friend Tony Schumacher almost took his thumb off.
Just imagine a lot of M80s. That's what a bomb smells like.
Well, you also probably don't know what it smells like.
None of us know, thank God.
Many of us don't know.
I hope most of us, all of us don't know what it smells like
when a bunch of people are on fire together.
We don't know that.
That's an American war.
We set people on fire.
We blow them up.
We disintegrate them.
We're doing it for a very, very long time.
So now what's happening is that shit's getting weird for us.
And we don't want it to be weird
because we don't want to get pushed into actual action.
Exactly.
That sucks.
But guess what?
You've got to fucking do it, man.
No.
You got to.
You have to.
I'm old.
I was almost retired.
So was George Washington.
He was a soldier when he was young.
He couldn't tell a lie.
I can tell them.
I still have my teeth.
I could just slip at almost 45.
It's like a right age to just shut up
and sneak away with your Trey Parker money
and just fucking make your cartoon
maybe write a Broadway play.
You're not going to do that with your money, man.
You're going to use that money for better things.
And you're going to use that money, first of all,
to shelter all of us in some kind of beautiful compound somewhere.
I have $30,000 in my checking account that is not a lie.
I have spent all of my money on my shitty cartoon studio.
But I'm probably going to be a millionaire in a couple weeks
because it's just...
He looked at his watch.
He looked at his...
He looked at his fucking Apple iWatch
because he has the stocks app.
Come on.
Tesla stocks going up.
I don't have a car, but I invested in Tesla.
Give him some credit.
Cody's still got the Tesla stock.
Wait, wait.
Is that illegal to tell?
No.
That's not insider trading.
I don't work at Tesla.
I don't know.
Cody's got Tesla stock.
He keeps going up, but it's weird when you have a stock in something.
You hear all these...
That's not an interesting topic.
How many stocks?
Three.
I don't...
What the fuck?
Also, you guys, Cody really likes Blue Bonnet at Santa Anita
in the second race.
The Saturdays.
Blue Bonnet.
I got the horse right here.
The name is Paul Rutherford.
Wait, what were we talking about?
What the fuck?
I'm sorry.
Fucking revolution, baby.
We're talking about revolution.
We're talking about the idea that at some point in history, whether you like it or not,
things change.
This is like...
It's no point being a-historic.
If you look at history itself inevitably, black plagues, World War IIs, World War Is,
Vietnam's, things happen, shit changes, and when shit changes, then it's up to us, the
people, to do something about it and to not be so decimated by the reality of history,
which is that sometimes bad people get in the office and do rotten fucking things, and
our job is not to pay attention to whatever the current laws of the land are, our job
is to get a fucking catering license and to buy fucking as much nitrous oxide as we
can, man.
Man, we gotta do it!
And I would also add, I would also add, if you're still at this late date using toilet
paper with air of blood in it, stop doing that.
You know, just try to do it.
Just get regular toilet paper.
It doesn't really affect the white.
It just irritates our allies and our enemies abroad.
Yeah, no, I mean, thank you.
It's good of you to...
This is a good time to get this boost.
It's like you're running a marathon.
We're very lucky, and realizing that we're lucky is exhausting.
That's how lucky we are.
It's strenuous realizing how lucky we are.
That's hard work.
It's like when I do a little dance, when I rap, and then I'm like two days later, I'm
out of breath, and my doctor's like, what have you done?
You gotta start somewhere, and somewhere is like, holy shit, my whole...
And that's what it is.
It's been, it's almost been a year, and it's like, not everybody's hitting exhaustion points
at the same time.
It's like, I'm just pulling, I pulled into the Twitter pit stop thing, and was like,
I'm doing something wrong out there, like I'm not, because I'm not really doing anything
to...
I'm getting angry, and I'm like, for all I know, on some chart somewhere, I'm like actually
helping the bad guy, because I'm just sort of like driving and angry and like screaming
around.
It doesn't hurt that much to pull over for a second, and go like, okay, why am I out
there?
What am I doing?
Change the tires?
Go back out there with a fucking monster car.
Some crazy monster mobile or something, that's like you assembled, because you thought about
it for a second.
No promises there.
I'll probably just go back and promote Rick and Morty, but hey.
That's fine too.
A guy like me gets really rich.
I can always be one of those Casablanca guys that's like funding stuff under the table
or something.
Lots of people do that, man.
This venue could be like some kind of like...
Like Rick's Cafe?
Yeah, exactly.
I could just be like, come on, I don't do nothing, give me a loan, you Nazi goofs.
And then like a comic goes up and goes like, fuck, I don't think you should burn people,
because they're not white.
And then they're like, how do you explain this observation comedy?
Hey, Reggie Watts does what he's going to do.
He's just...
That's hilarious.
He thinks off the top of his head, but guys, do you think they give me a script beforehand?
I feel...
Pardon me, Mr. Harmon.
I find your impression of Humphrey Bogart a little, a little, a little tune New York
Jew.
I feel like I kind of sound like that Nazi from the Vice Video.
I'm like, man, the Jews, ain't got nothing to drink, Jews, except for a son of a lot
of Jew.
I got the Jews in the blanks.
What was that guy doing?
He sounded like Bob Hope.
All right.
Sorry, what were you...
I was going to say that you guys know Dr. Bronner's soap, right?
Yeah.
So, yeah, what's really cool about them is...
It's made of Arabs.
Dr. Bronner's Stoke?
The soap.
Dr. Stoke.
Dr. Bronner's soap?
The shit they sell at like...
The soap that has like a political treatise written on the back of it.
Yeah.
I know nothing about this, but continue.
It's fascinating.
The story's fascinating.
So like Dr. Bronner, Emmanuel Bronner, his entire family died in the Holocaust.
And he came to the United States, and he like had this like vision basically, he had this
like message that he wanted to send, and he was like writing, I guess, little pamphlets
that he was trying to give to people, but he was also making soap, and everybody wanted
the soap, but nobody wanted the fucking pamphlet with the weird shit written on it.
So he realized, oh, I'll just put the fucking, the things that I'm saying on the...
It's awesome.
On the soap.
It's pretty awesome.
The interesting thing about that family, the Bronner's family, is they put salary caps
on themselves, and then they give everything over that salary cap.
All right.
I don't like where this is going.
Where?
It's cool.
I have $30,000 in my checking account.
I'm 44 years old.
So you're saying that you're getting like $30,000.
That's where you're at.
I'm saying when there's a million dollars in that account, I'm not going to put a cap
on it yet.
I want to see if it can be two.
Just for a second.
But the point is, the moment you do start figuring out ways to harness money energy
and not using it just for yourself, you can start doing shit.
What they do is they give money to psychedelic therapy.
They've given, I think, over a million dollars to the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic
Studies just to work on MDMA with PTSD, and they give money to all kinds of groups like
that.
And that is like one form of being revolutionary is actually using your talent to get a bunch
of dough, and then instead of keeping that money, giving that money to implicitly subversive
organizations that are going to like transform society in their own way.
That's how you really would start creating cool ripples, you know?
There's also-
Give your money away, you pig!
Tell him to give his money away, people!
Take it from him!
I don't have it yet!
I'll tweet his address!
You can go to his house!
He just told us in a week he's going to be a millionaire, so fuckin' yeah.
Can I be one for a week then after that?
How do you-
You have 19 TV shows.
How do you have $30,000?
I'm paying for all of them!
You think when you go pitch a show and they say, we'll take it, they give you money?
They take money!
You have to go develop the show now!
It's a fuck-up business, man!
I did a really dumb thing opening a studio.
It's like opening a restaurant.
It's like, wait, what are you doing?
You don't see any other restaurants around here?
What are you trying to be?
Sony?
You fuckin' moron?
They owe people money!
They're Sonyed!
The studios report a loss every year!
But along the way, I've hooked up with some cool people.
Not hooked up in the millennial sense, I don't know.
I've met some cool people and I like to think there will be shows now coming that I'm excited
about that maybe wouldn't have existed if I didn't go put my big pumpkin on the table
or TBS and go like, plus I'll be there!
Aren't you making that big Rick and Morty money?
Isn't that a thing?
That's why I'm going to be a millionaire soon.
Can I see your watch?
What do you have on there?
What does it say, an alert?
It's just a pentagram.
It keeps looking at a pentagram, what is that?
A minute ago it was 9-11?
Yeah, that's what it says, 9-12.
You're one of those guests that they gave the ultimate compliment to.
9-11 came and they didn't say anything.
They kind of did.
We were making noise at the time.
What kind of noise?
General cheers.
General cheers are part of a duty.
How's your testicle?
You beat cancer.
Still gone.
Do you still have to go in every six months and make sure they're not coming back or anything?
No.
They eventually just go, you're free and clear or do they just keep it lengthened?
You can make a decision about that.
You can make the decision based on statistics.
You can go in for a certain number of scans.
You can go in for a bunch of scans.
You can go in for as many as you want.
Every scan you go for, they're looking at your body to see if the thing is spreading.
At one point I realized, I just don't want to keep getting like fucking MRIs and CAT scans and stuff and lung x-rays.
I'm just going to see what happens.
If I die, then I'm going to die of that, I guess.
So far I feel great and everything's fine.
If I kick the bucket, forgive me.
I told that to him.
I'm sorry.
I think if you kick the bucket, the general rule is you're forgiven.
Not all the time, man.
It's a couple of people.
Everyone just kind of spits.
The way cancer really fucked me up was not the physical stuff.
The way it fucks you up is it teaches you about impermanence.
That's a really rough thing because it's like we live in a society that doesn't really understand impermanence.
I remember before cancer, I'll go and look at my podcast before cancer and I'll just think about the way I was before cancer.
And it's awesome because you're like running around.
You're like, I'm fucking going to live forever.
You're reading Ray Kurzweil.
You're like, shit man, I think I really might be one of the people who lived with me a thousand.
They're going to turn racks into computers in 2040.
You believe it.
So it's kind of what's really funny about fucking cancer is it does the exact same thing to you that the IRS does your bank account.
Because everybody has a temporal bank account.
So everybody has this like, if you haven't really tasted death, you probably have a bank account filled with all these years.
And you run around acting like a fucking trust fund kid because you're like, man, I got this bank account.
It's fucking stocked with years.
You go to the ATM.
You're like, look at all those fucking years, man.
That's awesome.
I'm fucking got so many years.
And then when you get cancer, you're like, oh fuck, I might overdraft.
I owe 40 years.
And what that does to you is simultaneously obviously tragic, but one of the most beautiful gifts of all time.
And because what it gives you is this like incredible connection with the now because you're like, you realize like, oh my God, this big fucking lie about how long I think I'm going to live or how long people think they're going to live.
This is just another fucking lie, man.
They want you to believe you're going to live to 70, 80 years because if you believe that and you're starting investing in like 401ks and responsible living and you're going to be like, but really the reality of it is, is like, lots of you aren't going to live past tonight.
And this is fucking shit.
And there are no doors.
That's a cheap joke.
Of course, there's always my way.
Yeah, I watched a Jones house documentary and I realized what they did wrong is they didn't just have the they used Kool-Aid.
They didn't just have an open bar.
So good night.
Would have been so much easier for him.
You know, you hear those Jones house recordings and you're like, dude, why didn't you just, Jesus, if you really want these people dead that bad and you don't have to do this soft shoe.
Yeah, just kill them.
My God, he had to do so much explaining.
He's like, come on, don't cry.
It's going to be okay.
The line.
You're just dying.
That's all the line that gets to me.
This is the line that gets to me.
Mothers, mothers, mothers, stop your children from crying.
We are merely crossing over to the other side.
Them first.
Yeah.
They can't do you.
Yeah, that is fucking insane.
I know somebody who's, wait, who was I just talking to?
He's like working on a Jones top thing and like, God, now my mind is such a fucking fart.
Anyways, but yeah, there's documents.
I mean, like, I'm not recommending you go to like a horrible green place, but it's okay.
I guess, you know what, watch the Ken Burns Vietnam thing too, because I'm going to, because that's one of the things too, is like not to normalize what's happening now, but it actually is a little uplifting to remember or rather know.
I was a little child in 19, I was a baby in 1973.
So, but it's like, they were fucking like, there's a lot of parallels, like just in terms of the national psyche.
Like they kind of, people back then were as groovy as they were, because they too, like us, felt like every day could be the last day of America.
And they really felt that that's what was at stake.
They had a lot of reasons to feel that way.
And yeah, and I just watched Network again too, which is taking place at that time.
Network is kind of a gay romp.
The jokes that they're doing in the background about how, you know, President Ford's life has been threatened by this and that, they're kind of like, they're just setting the time and place.
It's like, oh God, yeah, we were, the 70s were like a crazy time.
Sure.
It's not to say that it's not to normalize.
It's to feel a sisterhood with the 70s.
Watch the Ken Burns thing.
Watch that.
There's a great documentary on the weather underground that you should watch.
It's really fucking cool.
And these guys, they're...
Yeah, you know what else you should watch?
Spider-Man!
Something by Jane Austen or something.
No, they're...
You guys are dumb.
You guys aren't dumb.
You should watch.
What were you watching?
Guardians too.
Yeah.
Jane Austen didn't write it.
I finally saw Guardians too.
I really liked it.
Was it good?
Because I famously kind of, I think I may have let it slip then.
I didn't get the fucking hysteria about Guardians 1.
I liked it.
So I put off watching Guardians 2 for a long time because I was like, these people are nuts about the Guardians thing.
So I don't want to watch the sequel because I felt like there were just so many purple people yelling and I couldn't tell the difference between any of the characters.
Sounds like DMT.
Rocket Raccoon deserves more than to have a camera push on him and then say, yeah.
That's not clever.
The camera pushes us and you say more than yeah.
So I was like, I don't get this.
This movie isn't like Citizen King.
So I watched the second one.
I was like, oh man, I love this Drax guy.
He's so great.
I love this Raccoon.
I was like, this is really cool.
Wasn't Steve Agee in the second one?
Yeah, he was.
Which I forgot.
And then all of a sudden Steve Agee's just like, amazing.
Yeah, that's great.
If the apocalypse needed to happen for Steve Agee to be in Marvel movies.
Yeah.
Fine, I'll take it.
I'd love to be around Steve Agee in the apocalypse.
I don't want Steve Agee to be in every Marvel movie from now on.
I hope so.
I haven't seen it yet, but like the stills I've seen, he looks fucking awesome.
Yeah, he's a little space pirate.
Oh, but the weather underground, not to be like too preachy or something, but like definitely check it out because it's cool because there's the weather underground.
Like Obama would actually get in trouble because he was friends with one of the members, but their motto was bring the war back home.
So they actually decided that they were going to start blowing up buildings and they did.
And the way they did it is they would call the building and make sure no one was there because they didn't want them to get killed.
But it was an example of an American revolutionary movement that was like maybe a little fueled by psychedelics.
Like they're just like in the documentary, they talk about being in their van, no nitrous, but like fucking...
Here we go again.
Like just being in the van, they're all like having an orgy in a van as they're driving to like put explosives in a government building to blow up, to protest the Vietnam War.
And when you look at that and just throw your moral compass away, but just when you look at that, you realize how great people really are.
Because you really, because you realize like these people don't need to do that.
They could just fucking ignore the Vietnam War like anybody else.
They could just ignore it, ignore it, go to your job.
We're all doing fine, man. We're fine.
You guys have money. I don't have much you have. You have a little bit. You're not starved. We're fine.
So it's easy to ignore, which is what they want.
So it's kind of cool when people are like, fuck this, we're not ignoring anymore.
And then they go to this extreme place, which I obviously am not advocating in any way, but still it represents what can be done.
And it's a really inspirational thing to watch because you realize like shit, man, we could be doing a lot more than we're doing.
You know, we can be doing lots, lots more. And if we all start doing lots...
We can also build a birdhouse. You don't have to blow anything up.
Blow up a birdhouse.
There were a lot less people in the world back then. There was probably an easier...
And the Vietnam War?
It was easier to blow up a building with no one in it.
I would say these days.
I'm not saying blow up buildings. I'm not advocating that level of violence.
And also, and I will admit this, when the Antifos started punching people, I was definitely having conversations like, you know, I think they've gone too far.
But one of the things, then I started researching them a little bit, and this will get me in trouble on the internet,
because anytime you do any kind of emphasis on like, maybe that's not so bad, you will immediately get a bunch of tweets like,
you fucking idiot, do you know what you've done?
Well, I'm not on Twitter. Maybe Antifa is not so bad. Like, very happy to say that.
Well, one of the cool things that they... Oh, maybe some of them are here.
One of the cool things that they say, or one of the cool... You know, so people break windows in these protests.
And they break these windows, and people are like, how could you break windows of local businesses?
And Antifa, they call those people window protectors.
They're like, oh, you want to protect windows? That's what you're worried about, fucking windows?
Maybe we can form an alliance at some point. In my world, all the windows are going to break.
Yes, exactly.
The ones that aren't broken will be polished by Nazis, so I'm breaking a couple windows to get you talking, or whatever.
I'm not going to justify their stuff. I'm so... I'm just, as I said on your podcast, I'm just so fucking grateful that, like,
that not all kids are just... All kids are hooligans, right?
So I'm so grateful to my hooligan kids who are like, I'm going to be a hooligan today.
Where do I direct my hooliganism? Towards fucking... Towards the man.
Towards Nazis. I'm going to fucking... If they didn't do that, then we'd be extra fucked.
I'm definitely going to complain about them last.
We'll complain about them last. And I will admit, man, I did complain about them in the beginning.
Anybody in the Antifa listening, I'm sorry, they don't forgive, so I guess they're going to hate me.
But like, the...
I want to have somebody from Antifa. It's someone from Antifa, I think.
Isn't that kind of a silly thing? They don't have a letterhead, right?
I think they're decentralized.
We've got somebody from Antifa here. Steve Levy to stage. Steve Levy is going up there.
Are you serious?
One of the...
He's the spokesman.
From the public chapter of Antifa.
I want to have also...
Anybody listening who cares about this stuff, who's like the platform and all the stuff and how you're using it.
I had Gotham Girl come on, she's an Eleanor Democrat.
She talked about believing in the system and the election was fraudulent.
I wanted her to have her signal boosted for that reason. I also want to have, therefore, somebody from the DSA,
people have been tweeting me and stuff, and somebody from Antifa.
You guys have always been so kind to...
I want to sprinkle those folks in because it's like turbulent times.
I just wanted to say that out loud so you didn't think that I was like...
Biast.
Well, I don't care if I'm biased. I don't know anything. I don't know enough.
I want to have people on that talk about what to do because I don't know what to do.
So I want to talk to the people that are like...
I don't care if they're doing shit that's ugly, whatever.
I want to talk to them.
Anyways, wait, what?
What?
Nothing.
How you doing Levy? How's things?
Things are good.
Yeah?
Last time I saw you a couple weeks ago, you were a little down on the dumps.
Yeah, you know, it happens.
Why?
How why do people get down on the dumps? What happened?
Oh, I guess I have my heart broken.
Oh, that's the worst.
There we go. Here we go again.
Oh, boy. I guess I had my heart broken.
Can you talk about what happened?
Well, you know hearts.
Yeah, an old friend of mine, we started seeing each other for the first time, really,
and trying to make it work.
She was in New York, and we were seeing each other back and forth a little bit.
And then the last time I saw her, we parted ways.
You guys went there after a lifetime of childhood, sweet, hearty,
Fox in the Hound shit.
I guess, as you would say, we had a real will they won't they?
Right.
And now the question has been answered, and they won't.
You don't know that.
Well, no, I do know. That's what he's saying happened.
I'm not trying to...
Yeah, well, after all those years, I guess they will, and now they won't.
Right. Well, they did.
They did.
No, they won't.
Now they don't.
Wait, no.
That's the question. That's more of a did they don't they?
No, they didn't. They did. Now they're not, but they might again.
Is there a might they could there?
I don't know.
And I don't want to...
I'm a totally unbiased objective observer.
I have no agenda about like setting you up or wingmaning you or anything.
I just, I heard through the grapevine that the reason it didn't work.
She complained about something like, like your penis was naturally ribbed and...
Yeah, I heard that too.
And giant.
And then it was not...
It was self lubricating.
Yeah, and it vibrated.
That's what I heard.
I heard this crazy thing like you can't control how fast it vibrates.
She didn't like that it happened.
It also had a little prong that came out, which is right on the clip.
Yeah.
Is that true?
It's a curse.
It's shaped like a rabbit.
Yeah.
Right on the top, there was like a, right on the back of the helmet, there's like a pair
of rabbit ears that come out and go like that.
You got a crazy cock, man.
A little too crazy for some unlucky woman.
Some girls aren't ready for the perfect cock.
Cause that's what we're finding out.
And your dick just come back from Texas where it was helping move sandbags for flood victims?
I thought it was Puerto Rico.
With Ryan Gosling and...
I thought the problem was whenever there was a disaster in the world, your cock would
detach and slide to the disaster.
And those are right now a restoring cell service in Puerto Rico.
Oh, can I ask, I want to say, I have a question.
Like, don't you think, I was telling Cody, cause I was like hungover.
I don't know how to share my, you guys don't want to picture me having sex, but I was like,
I was having this conversation where I was like, I just, I made some observation where
I was like, cause I was, I was like, don't you think it takes a lot of water to, to result
in a load of cock?
And she was like, what are you talking about?
It's like, it's as much water as there is.
I'm like, no, it's not like a recipe.
You don't like put a little bit of, your body doesn't put a little bit of water in a, in
your balls and then put a little bit of, of sperm powder.
And like, there's a process.
Like, and don't you, don't you think it takes a certain amount of water and a certain amount
of sandwiches?
Like how many, like, what do you think like a load of, a load of, of, of ejaculate, of,
like, which is like, I think it's like 500 million sperm are in a, in an ejaculate.
So there's this whole process that you've, you know, the sperm,
I just read it's 1.2 terabytes of data.
Wait, shut up.
Wait, I actually did see this too.
Wait, wait, wait.
You mean genetically?
Yeah, genetically.
The DNA in a sperm equals.
It was like one sperm is equivalent to 35 megabytes.
I don't know if it's really.
It's 1.2 terabytes.
One sperm is half the information that takes to make a person.
How much, how much, how much data is in a person's DNA?
I expect it to be more than 1.2 terabytes.
It's amazing that it's just 1.2 terabytes.
Doesn't it imply that a full human being is 2.4 terabytes?
No, it implies when you're downloading stuff into your computer, it's having orgasm.
Sorry.
Say what?
What is?
We have either a computer science major or a chronic masturbator.
The two can happen together.
I don't know which it could be.
The two can happen at once, Dan.
It's impossible for it to be both.
You're saying it's 124 terabytes.
Are you correcting the data of the sperm?
124 terabytes?
Yeah, right.
Just so you know, I did my doctoral thesis on college cum.
And it's 1.2.
Okay, well, so, yeah, well, that's, I mean, that really is like we're coming up on the,
I mean, because the, they're coming up on them.
Like we're getting, so we're getting close to like, you know, well, wait, well,
what we have, what is it, petabytes is next?
Like, that's the next highest thing.
We, obviously we have the, whatever, we've mapped the human genome.
I'm not, what am I, my grandpa?
I'm just like, like pretty soon teleportation, man.
Once you can store everything.
I don't, teleportation is bad news, man.
You know about like, once you teleport, you're dead, you know?
I mean, that philosophical thing.
Yeah, that's true though.
Cause like, you can't prove it.
I can't prove it's me.
Yeah.
Let me ask you this.
If, if you could, if you could pick, but like, so you got to fly across the country.
And if you could pick teleportation, but you've got to get kicked in the balls.
Or like flying on an airplane.
What do you pick?
I never want to teleport because it'll be, that's like going in a suicide booth.
It kills you.
That would be the amazing thing when they invent teleportation.
Eventually there'll be a society, I think we'll be dead, but there will be this like
concept of like, virgins, you know, people who haven't been teleported.
That's right.
And people will start saying like, oh, you should talk to Gary.
When Gary talks, you can kind of sense that he was using the cells that he was born with.
Yeah, cause we can't even fucking print.
I only date teleporters.
Black and white ink.
We can't print anything without fucking errors.
You think we can print people back out of a fucking...
Not yet!
You can't even copy a fucking jpeg.
No, we'll be so fucked.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
And that's your brain.
It's like, you come out and you're like, I don't know Spanish anymore.
And it's like, that's if you're lucky.
You'll be so fucked.
And you know who's going to say, you never knew Spanish?
The fucking dipshit that works behind the teleporter.
Yeah.
That's teleported himself a million times a day.
And he's just like, no, it's great.
But you're assuming the mechanism of teleportation is based on the disintegration, reintegration
of the human like atomic structure.
What if it's some kind of like...
Like wormhole?
Pestoract.
What if it's some kind of wrinkle in time shit?
I'm down with that.
So yeah, it's cool.
It's got teleporting.
That's what's scary.
Yeah.
Yeah, no.
Oh, portals like walking through a door into another place.
That's safer.
Yeah.
Have you read Ringworld?
No, no.
It's great.
But Ringworld is super cool because it's like Larry Niven and it's like way in the fucking future.
But in this world, there is teleportation.
I don't know if it's like bending the time space continuum or like destroying your atomic
self and reintegrating it or whatever.
But what's interesting about it is like, there's no such thing as like any one city.
All cities have become one massive city because there's no longer any kind of like distance
between cities.
So what happens on this like super futuristic earth, which is really cool, is that...
And also they've gotten to the level where they can like change their skin pigment.
So suddenly the fashions on the planet change like day to day because everyone's so super
connected.
And then one day people just start glowing or like certain like star patterns will appear
in people's faces and stuff because they become so interconnected that like...
I guess I'm petty.
I just keep saying...
I've been like, come on, that's not imaginative.
What the fuck, Carmen?
Yeah, no, I'm listening.
I'm like, oh yeah, cities get bigger and then they all turn into one big city.
Did you think of it?
And then everybody can change their skin.
I'm like, come on.
Did you think of it?
You didn't think of it?
Well, I didn't bother.
Wait a minute.
I was thinking of crazy shit, man.
I was like, what if a sandwich could make you come?
By the way, man, when you were talking about that, it was really funny because I kept thinking
of like an awesome cooking show.
You got hungry, that's what you're saying.
Where it's God.
Where God's like, today we're going to be whipping up just basic cum.
We're going to make three club sandwiches, two gallons of water.
We're going to put it into Tyler and we're going to wait 20 days.
On a very special episode of Chopped Junior.
But that's all I'm saying is you have to take in all this.
We were talking about the biological process, spermatogenesis.
By the way, I started doing this thing where I'm like researching cum a lot.
It's like after I masturbate and or have sex and or intentional, sex with me is weird.
But sometimes you're laying there and you're like, man, I don't know if I'll ever get out of bed.
And then that's why I get on my iPad and I'm like, tell me how sperm is made.
Because then I think if I watch it, then I'm like, maybe the sperm will start getting made
and then I can get out of bed.
Wait.
It doesn't make any sense.
Your mobility is sperm based?
Well, I don't know.
I'm like a caveman when I'm in that mode.
I'm like, I don't know.
The only scientific thing that I know is different is that I came a bunch and now I can't get out of bed.
I knew somebody who worked in porn and they were on a set when Peter North finished a scene.
And then Peter North, who's famous for coming a bunch, he finished coming.
And then I was like, so what does he do after he finishes?
He watched Peter North come.
What happens after?
He has four pina coladas.
He turns into a little boy and he goes like, oh man, I need some cereal.
Wow, that's awesome.
It's so Dirk Diggler.
He's like Jethro Baudin.
But who are we going to trust if not him?
Some kind of comologist?
Like maybe Peter North is, maybe he's just joyfully wrong, but maybe he's like expertly right.
He's just eating fucking frosted mini-wheats and milk because it kind of reminds him of cum when he looks at it.
He's like, that must make cum.
I'm going to cum more later.
Somebody told me it was golden grams.
That was his thing.
He liked golden grams cereal.
I bet, yeah.
That makes sense.
That was his Popeye's spinach.
I love the idea that it's just based on the milk.
But I swear, sometimes when you cum a lot, don't you sometimes you go like, man, this has been great.
I love this feeling, but also can I get some motivation back?
Can I start living in denial again?
What do I got to do to do that?
And you think like, well, the refractory period must be based on your balls start.
I just have to assume that your balls start making, I don't know.
You know the idea about the refractory period?
It's really, really, you had Chris Ryan on the show before.
Father, sex, and time.
So one of the ideas about the refractory period is that from an evolutionary perspective,
it's better for a woman to have multiple mates.
So like, because then the strongest sperm is going to survive.
That's why I don't want rom-coms.
That's the reason.
Because there's like that height of romance.
But I know it's probably true though, because it's like, I've read stuff like,
You're making love to your lover in the primordial past.
You're making love. You come inside of her.
You're like, I love you. I'm going to go to bed.
And then you like start going to bed.
And then your friend is like, can I start fucking her now?
And either you're like, yeah, man, more than that.
Or she's like, yeah, let's do it or not.
Or she's chippy toeing out.
But the idea is like, yeah, so the idea is the refractory period is actually designed
to make sure that a...
So the question is, why can women have multiple orgasms?
Why are multiple mates important though?
What does that...
So the idea is like, if you had some kind of like, I don't know,
something was going on with you and you weren't like making like powerful loads,
whatever that may be.
And you're crazy like, what if...
But the question is like, why would it be?
The big question is...
Like a golden graham shortage.
I go away for two weeks to come back to the jizz show.
I love talking about cum.
But the question is...
I really do.
I go on come town, come in town.
The question is, a woman can have multiple orgasms with a...
That's not true.
That's a myth.
We'll be right back.
That's not...
You hear it all the time, but it's not true.
It's something they're saying.
They were talking about it at the Wonder Woman premiere,
but you couldn't get in.
It's not true.
It's not fair.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
No, you're right.
It's not true.
No, come on.
Finish your thought.
I'm sorry.
No, I mean, the idea is like the question is just like,
why would it be that a man has like this really intense reaction
to orgasm, which we call the refractory period,
whereas a woman can have multiple orgasms.
And the implication, according to Chris Ryan,
is that well, this is clearly like created with the idea
of like a multiplicity of love.
I mean, that's what's interesting about Chris Ryan,
because he's a well-needed like update to Desmond Morris,
who's in the 60s.
But Desmond Morris' theory about that was that,
but I don't want to be part of a patriarchy.
But the Desmond Morris theory was that,
yeah, men fall asleep because then you bond emotionally
with your lover.
Bullshit.
But here's the thing.
It's because we get sleepy.
But there is a scientifically...
It goes back to, it all has to do with human babies
being more biologically vulnerable than tiger babies,
deer babies, and cactus babies.
I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I think like Chris Ryan makes it pretty great.
That's why I don't want to...
That's why I just claim the fuck out of it.
But I do think that it's delight...
I really prefer that Desmond Morris' theory,
like all of the biological quirks about us
are all designed for pair bonding
because our babies need two parents.
Well, you can still pair bond.
You can't...
The idea isn't that you...
By the way, I'm like severely embarrassingly monogamous.
So don't get me wrong.
I'm not some kind of like,
just got back from Burning Man, Dan,
and now I've learned we got to be non-monogamous.
Your girlfriend's pretty.
I'm not like that.
Don't worry, man.
That's not fucking happening.
I'm severely, desperately,
and based on insecurity, completely fucking monogamous.
So don't get me wrong.
But like, from a perspective of like,
yeah, like that idea kind of would be...
And again, this is not my idea.
Like, I couldn't do this.
But the idea would be if you really love somebody,
wouldn't you want them to come a lot?
No!
Not with you.
Dan...
I'd have to love you and not them.
Dan, if you really love Cody,
let Duncan fuck tonight, man.
Listen, man.
Listen, I didn't say it like that.
We're sitting right next to Steve Perfectcock Levy over here.
Let her have a good Saturday night.
It's Saturday night.
Let her live a little.
Oh, well, look, I don't want to forbid
Steve and Duncan to fuck Cody.
Now you're talking!
I want Cody to not want that.
Right.
Well, again, I made a dumb joke.
Wait, let me just say this very quickly.
I just made a stupid dumb joke.
I don't mean that at all.
What I'm saying is, it's like,
from my POV in the society that I was born into,
because of my own levels of insecurity
and where I'm at in my life,
I want to be monogamous,
and I will continue to be monogamous.
I'm not changing that.
That's me.
That's who I am.
I've always been like that.
I can't change it.
But if you look like...
If you zoom out...
Right.
And you look at what evolution wants.
You realize monogamy itself is a cultural...
It's like a new imposition.
Well, it dovetails with this whole thing
about anarchy versus capitalism,
because it's like...
It's like, oh, you know what?
I get to pretend I was born into this stainless steel,
concrete jungle,
and that, hey, it wasn't my idea to do this,
but hey, will you be my girlfriend?
And all that stuff.
At the same time, I'm like, hey,
it wasn't my idea to have the American dollar
be the standard of the entire planet.
But hey, what are you going to do?
But then push comes to shove as in cultural upheaval,
and right now, capitalistically,
we're going like, yeah, again,
but theoretically, anarchy is the...
Not theoretically.
It's not the more popular way to do it,
but it is the way that we would...
And I think you're saying the same thing
about polyamory or whatever they call it,
these kids.
You could just say,
if you go to the bathroom here, it's disgusting.
It was a joke, or maybe not.
I have a special bathroom upstairs.
It's rhinestones and just all the cultist daughters.
But yeah, I think you're saying the same thing I am,
which is theoretically, intellectually,
not wanting to be guilty of dishonesty,
one should acknowledge it.
Yeah, probably there's a freer human kind.
That functions better and healthier.
But then also, it's important then to go,
just as I did before I quit smoking,
where I was like, I like smoking.
My therapist says, awareness, acceptance, change.
People skip acceptance.
You're like, oh, I'm aware.
I'm doing this.
I'm going to stop doing it.
And then you just ping pong back and forth.
That's why I don't quit drinking.
I have to accept it first.
I've become aware I drink a lot.
I'm still working on accepting it.
Then I'll change it later.
I've seen you accept a lot of drinks.
Me too.
Especially, especially.
Yeah, but that guy with the boy,
oh, it's all one big city.
Speaking of drinks, we never shout them out.
Matt, the bartender over here.
Matt, our bartender.
Yeah, give them big tips.
Truly the hardest working person in Harmontown.
Keeping his bunch of fucking reprobates happy.
I apologize to Spencer.
I know he's going to say he doesn't give a fuck,
but that's because he's my son.
Yeah, whatever.
We'll talk about it later.
All these jokes about fucking my mom,
all of a sudden, a line.
And my fascination with cum.
Right.
Wait, wait.
Yeah, I always just roll off your fascination with cum as normal.
But I just, Duncan was making me feel better,
so I kept him in my mouth like one of those ring pops.
Like one of those levy cocks.
That's delicious.
You know what?
It's not that.
Why am I making the diameter?
No, it's like a nice broomstick diameter.
And it's like, it's gentle, but firm.
And it's there when you need it.
And if you get thirsty afterwards,
it gets you a glass of water without you asking.
Whoa.
So you can make the diameter.
Also a cum.
Steve Levy's dick is something you almost know that dick does.
In the morning, it makes you the best avocado toast you've ever fucking had.
Wow.
It's a little basil, a little feta on it,
some olive oil, fucking perfect.
I did get an argument.
I got in an argument with this dick, though.
Oh, no.
Because I said to it, this is just a sandwich, man.
Avocado toast is just a sandwich.
All right, forget it.
That's for another party.
Well, let Duncan know you wanted to come back
by thanking him with your hands.
Thank you, Duncan.
Thank you.
See you soon.
Duncan Trussell.
I feel like...
He just makes everything a little bit better, doesn't he?
Yeah, he does.
Yeah, he's like walking serotonin.
All right, why don't you marry him?
He's probably back there fucking my girlfriend.
In the beginning of that rant, I thought you were going to say you wanted,
just sound like you're going towards, you wanted like an incremental
cum clicker, like cookie collector, where like you get the air workings.
That would be amazing.
And you'd like manufacture your own sperm
and finally you'd have understanding of it.
Like, yeah.
I swear to God, I'm really a fan.
Can we stop saying loads?
Well, I don't know what to, ejaculate batches.
There is no, the language fails.
It is a truly fascinating thing that as mammals,
we take in energy and then we have a little factory
that has to dangle between our legs
because it requires like a degree cooler environment
just for the chemical process of making them, not storing them.
Once they're made, they're fine in summer, you know, whatever.
Like, they're going to get made one degree cooler.
And they're just little fucking missiles that are just loaded with the need
to hit an egg and they're like simultaneously geniuses and idiots
and they're just disposable
and we're just constantly making them until the day they bury us.
But like, women's eggs are like, they're finite
and they're like, they're giant.
Like, they're the size of the sun compared to a sperm's rocket.
And like, it's just like this amazing,
I'm just so fascinated with all of it.
All right, let's, let's, let's help.
I don't know whether we have enough time.
We, we, we found, we found out tonight.
Okay, well, we should have, we should have come.
No, it's fine.
We have time, come on.
I don't know.
Let's give the audience some D&D.
We only got, we started a little late.
We've only got like 11, we've only got like 11 minutes tops.
That's what I'm saying.
We found out tonight that you'd love to come.
Spencer's the game master.
Like, like, like, he makes the rule.
Like we can't, we can't announce Cliff Hanger endings and things like that.
Spencer is in charge of the thing.
So if he says, like, yeah, it's not.
We should get Duncan back.
Let's see.
Hey, Duncan, are you back?
Duncan, come back.
He probably left.
We're not going to play, play D&D.
What was that?
I'll just pretend to.
Well, how about this Spencer?
Because I was not here.
Let's just, let's just recap.
So we, we, we...
Duncan's back.
Oh, shit.
Thank you for having me back.
He's on court.
He fucked all of our girlfriends that quickly?
Yeah.
Which was a really long time for me.
That's part of his appeal.
That's how he gets them.
Hey, man, this won't take a lot of time.
I'm not going to put you out, man.
The thing is...
I got a cheesy thing to say.
Uh-oh.
To cut off whatever you were going to say was probably the funny thing.
It was, it was going to be trenchant and hilarious, but go ahead.
Oh, no.
Leave me.
I had to tell you this thing.
Okay.
Because like, you know, Jack Kornfield, the Buddhist teacher, you know...
You don't know Jack Kornfield?
He owes me 10 bucks.
He's not here, right?
So he tells this great story.
And guaranteed that, think about having a broken heart.
Guaranteed there's a bunch of people here right now with a fucking broken heart,
because that's what it means to be human.
But there's a...
Jack Kornfield talks about how there's a story in Judaism
where there was a rabbi that made his students hold the...
You know, Teflon, you know what that is?
Yeah.
To Phelan?
To Phelan, yeah.
To Phelan.
Eggs don't stick to it.
NASA invented it.
Don't tell me the Jews made that.
That was NASA.
You're right, dude.
It is one of the weird mysteries of the universe is the eggs don't stick to it.
What is Teflon?
What?
Do you remember that?
Take it away, Steve.
It's like the shit they cook eggs.
I know Teflon.
What's Teflon?
What's the thing you're talking about?
No, we talked about this earlier in the year.
Remember, I got accosted in Beverly Hills by...
Oh, right.
They put a Parker Brothers thing on your head.
That's Teflon where they wrap it around your arms.
Okay, gotcha.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You saw it.
The point is, like, inside this box are these scrolls.
I don't know what's written on them, but there's something amazing written on them.
So, Jack Kornfield tells a story.
How, like, I already know you're going to fucking make fun of this man.
I know you're going to, like, got some already.
But, like, Jack Kornfield tells a story.
Is he a Jewish Buddhist?
He might have started off Jewish and then became Buddhist.
Like, a lot of people that I learned from are, like, they started off Jewish and then became, like, Buddhist or Hindu.
But it doesn't, the whole thing is, like, the whole, like...
Because of those robes.
It's ridiculous saying what you already were.
The point is...
I'm not going to say it.
You know what Jewish Buddhist says?
What?
Oym.
Yes!
God damn you!
Wait, you didn't, you didn't, you heard that somewhere.
Wait a minute.
Wait, wait, what if he heard that somewhere?
What if he got that out of a bazooka joe?
Oym.
Did you, did you just make that up?
Yes.
That's not fair.
Mazel tov.
Oym is the title.
That's the title.
Oym?
Is that what it would be?
Let me warm my way out of this thing, please.
No, no, no.
So, so, the idea is, like, this rabbi, it, like, makes his students hold the teff to fill in,
to fill in against their heart when they're, when they're, like, saying prayers.
And one of them said to him,
Why do you make us hold this against our heart when we're saying prayers?
And he said,
So that maybe when your heart breaks, the prayers will fall inside.
That's cool, right?
It's a nice thought.
So heart, heartbreak is a, yeah, it's a thing, it's a, it's like, yeah, it's a crack, cracking, and then, like, yeah.
It's a crack that prayers can fill.
Yeah, and it doesn't stay open.
It cracks like an egg and it falls into the phone.
No, it's like, it's a sacred moat.
The thing is, like, if you get your fucking heart broken,
which is a very rare occurrence in a human incarnation,
it really doesn't happen all that much.
When you finally get your fucking heart broken,
you are walking through the kingdom of heaven.
Like, you are in heaven right now.
You don't realize it.
You don't realize it because, like, everybody thinks heaven is, like, just, like, you know, infinite blowjobs or what.
I don't know what people think heaven is,
but that, but that's not what heaven is.
Heaven is direct contact with reality.
So right now you're having direct contact with eternity,
and that's a, like, a holy moment.
And so, like, you want, the window shuts.
That's what I'm saying, man.
Like, your heartbreak window.
You probably got, like, another, like, I don't know, 20 years,
and then you'll start, stop suffering.
No, you probably have, like,
I got, I thought of something.
I can, I can, I can beat, I can beat.
I can be smarter than this philosopher guy.
You met him!
Don't talk shit about Jack Kornfield!
Get off Twitter!
No, I can beat him, I can beat him.
You, you, you, okay.
Your heart, your heart, so your heart's broken.
You know what else is broken?
A baby's skull.
You know why?
So it can grow into an adult skull.
Oh.
There you go.
That's basically the same thing.
I think I could, I think I could top that.
So there's this ancient Japanese art of pottery.
You know, sometimes their pots break,
and they actually have this, this method of,
of reforging the pottery pieces with gold inlay.
Yeah.
And it's actually, it's more beautiful
than it was before it was broken.
And that's you.
You're going to be all ribboned with gold,
and it'll be better.
Thank you, Spencer.
Bitch!
Cliff Hanger!
Let's hear it for Steve Levy, everybody.
With a broken heart of gold.
Also, Duncan Tressel,
for making everything alright.
Let's thank Zach, Church, Sarah, Kevin, Chris, Noah,
Matt at the bar.
Spencer Crittenden in your Game Master.
Although we didn't play, but
we found out that Dan loves jizz.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
Thank you for having me back.
Your Mayor is Dan Harmon, everybody.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.